feat: asset canister permissions can be set via upgrade args (#2237)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/sns/launching/launch-summary-1proposal.md

As any eligible NNS neuron can submit the proposal in Stage 3, this is an important step
where the dapp developers explicity express their intent to hand over their dapp to a DAO.

In this step, the dapp developers also perform any other preparations for decentralization.

> For example, they deregister themselves from asset canisters as principals that may change website content without going through a vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, they remove themselves from the dapp's asset canisters as principals that may change the asset canisters' content without going through a vote.
```

> If any other canisters in the dapp contain custom access control, these permission lists should also be prepared for decentralization.

Reviewer 2: I would again turn this around and frist say "also make other preparation steps" and then name the asset canister as an example
